## First Cobra SDK Project

Now that we have installed the SDK, let's get familiar with how it works. Below is the code for our 'Hello World' project with the SDK.  Just as we did back in ACI 101, we'll create a new tenant called 'ExampleSdkTenant' and create a private network (or VRF) within the tenant.

```python
# ACI Cobra SDK Modules
from cobra.mit.access import MoDirectory
from cobra.mit.session import LoginSession
from cobra.mit.request import ConfigRequest
from cobra.model.fv import Ctx
from cobra.model.fv import Tenant

# APIC Login Credentials
apicUrl = 'https://<IP-of-APIC>'
apicUsername = 'username'
apicPassword = 'password'
loginSession = LoginSession(apicUrl, apicUsername, apicPassword)

# Create a session with the APIC and login
moDir = MoDirectory(loginSession)
moDir.login()

# Start at the Top of MIT tree 
uniMo = moDir.lookupByDn('uni')

# Create a new Tenant MO and connect it as a Child object to the root of the MIM
# Call the new Tenant MO 'ExampleSdkTenant'
fvTenantMo = Tenant(uniMo, 'ExampleSdkTenant')

# Create new Private network/VRF under the new Tenant
fvContextMo = Ctx(fvTenantMo, 'myVRF')

# Create a new configuration request to the APIC and pass in the new Tenant MO (including its children MOs)
# Commit the changes to the APIC
cfgRequest = ConfigRequest()
cfgRequest.addMo(fvTenantMo)
moDir.commit(cfgRequest)

# Log Out once the request is complete
moDir.logout()
```

If you already have some experience with python or writing scripts for network infrastucture, then the above code may look straight forward.  In this case you may want to simply run the above code and skip over to the next section in this module.  For anyone who is a bit newer to Python, keep reading and we'll go through some Python Basics.  

## Python Basics

Note that this section is not meant to be teach Python but more as a short review for those newer to using Python for network-infrastructure programmability.  

The [Coding 102 Rest Python](/lab/coding-102-rest-python/step/1) lab is better suited for Python introduction.

#### Executing the Python Code
 
There are a number of ways to run the above code.  You could use an integrated development environment with built-in tools for running and troubleshooting Python files as well as management modules, etc.  In our case, we'll simply create a new blank python (.py) file and copy the code in from above. You can open a generic text editor (such as Notepad on Windows) and copy the code into a new blank file. Save the file as CobraHelloWorld.py 

**Note:** with Notepad you'll likely have to remove the default file type of '.txt' and explicity add '.py'.

**Before ** saving in Notepad be sure to update the proper IP, username and password for the APIC near the beginning of the code.

When you run the file with the following command, you should see the new tenant and VRF in the APIC MIT.  You can use the tools learned in ACI 101 and 102 to confirm or you can enter the GUI and confirm there.

Assuming all of the SDK installation steps on the previous page are complete, you can execute the python file with the following command: 
```
python <file-path>\CobraHelloWorld.py
```

#### Comments
In Python, code comments - which are not analyzed by the interpreter - start with a '#' symbol.

#### Python Modules

Once the .egg files are installed, we have access to all the functions and features defined in the Cobra SDK but we need to reference them in our local script in order to make use of them.  We accomplish this by importing definitions.  In this example we just imported some specific classes and functions that we needed. We used the following:

```python
# ACI Cobra SDK Modules
from cobra.mit.access import MoDirectory
from cobra.mit.session import LoginSession
from cobra.mit.request import ConfigRequest
from cobra.model.fv import Ctx
from cobra.model.fv import Tenant  
```
We only needed two functions from 'cobra.model.fv' so we explicitly imported them. However, there are a number of different ways to import these definitions.  For example, if we planned to use a number of functions from 'cobra.model.fv' we could have modified the code in the following manner.

Rather than using:
```python
from cobra.model.fv import Ctx
from cobra.model.fv import Tenant
```

We could instead use:
```python
from cobral.model import fv as fvModels
```

In this case, to create a new Tenant MO we would call the Tenant function as follows:
```python
fvTenantMo = fvModels.Tenant(uniMo, 'ExampleSdkTenant')
```

#### Real Characters
In our code we reference the top of the tree (the universe) for our Managed Object Directory.  However, now that the 'ExampleSdkTenant' is created we may want to reference it. In this case you want to include a portion of code such as the following:
```python
uniMo = moDir.lookupByDn('uni/tn-ExampleSdkTenant')
```

Unfortunately, this will not work.  Why? Because in Python, certain characters are reserved as *'escape sequences'* that provide extra formatting to the text.  In this case '/t' indicates a tab operation. 

But we actually want the Python interpreter to read the full text.  To do this we have to a an 'r' at the beginning of the string so that all characters will be interpreted as 'real' characters.

So our command should actually look like the following:
```python
uniMo = moDir.lookupByDn((r'uni/tn-ExampleSdkTenant'))
```