## Project Walk Through
Now lets walk through the Hello World Code in more detail.

#### Cobra Definitions
As discussed in the last section, first we import the SDK modules needed:
```python
# ACI Cobra SDK Modules
from cobra.mit.access import MoDirectory
from cobra.mit.session import LoginSession
from cobra.mit.request import ConfigRequest
from cobra.model.fv import Ctx
from cobra.model.fv import Tenant
```

#### Connecting to the APIC
The process of establishing a connection to the APIC is stream lined using the SDK compared to the API. We can accomplish this using **moDirectory**, a Python Class which has a number of functions to enable interaction with the APIC controllers.

In the next section of code (shown below), we create a new **MoDirectory** object and pass in the APIC credentials.  Once logged in, we point the **MoDirectory** object to the top of the MIT.
```python
# APIC Login Credentials
apicUrl = 'https://<IP-of-APIC'
apicUsername = 'username'
apicPassword = 'password'
loginSession = LoginSession(apicUrl, apicUsername, apicPassword)

# Create a session with the APIC and login
moDir = MoDirectory(loginSession)
moDir.login()

# Start at the Top of MIT tree
uniMo = moDir.lookupByDn('uni')
```
We started at the root of the MIT, the universe ('uni') but we could have started at any convenient place.  For instance, once the 'ExampleSDKTenant' is created we could start with it by calling:
```python
uniMo = moDir.lookupByDn((r'uni/tn-ExampleSdkTenant'))
```

#### MO Configuration
Now that we are logged into the APIC, we are free to configure any of the parameters in the controller, just as we did in past modules using the raw API. For our 'Hello World' project we created a new tenant and private network (VRF), below:

```python
# Create a new Tenant MO and connect it as a Child object to the root of the MIM
# Call the new Tenant MO 'ExampleSdkTenant'
fvTenantMo = Tenant(uniMo, 'ExampleSdkTenant')

# Create new Private network/VRF under the new Tenant
fvContextMo = Ctx(fvTenantMo, 'myVRF')
```

Note that we used the imported definitions from the Cobra Model for both the tenant and private network (Ctx).  Just as with the raw API, we need to add each new managed object in its proper place within the MIT.  To do so, we referenced the MIT root ('uni') as the parent object for the Tenant and we reference the new tenant as the parent MO for our private network.

Even though we're using the SDK instead of the raw API, many of the concepts we've learned still apply since the SDK is leveraging the API under the hood. For instance, we still have a forgiving model where MO's are provided default values if they are not explicitly included.  In this case we only included the parent MO's and the name for the new Tenant and the private network.  However, each MO has many parameters. If we are providing values for each parameter, this might become confusing.  To address this issue you can invoke these methods in an alternative manner by using the name of the parameter and its value in the function. For example, if we wanted to create a tenant and private network and we wanted to give them both a description along with a name, the functions would become:
```python
fvTenantMo = Tenant(uniMo, name='ExampleSdkTenant', descr='My first SDK Tenant')

fvContextMo = Ctx(fvTenantMo, name='myVRF', descr='My first SDK VRF')
```

#### Adding Configration Changes to the Controller
So far we have established a connection and we created two new managed objects, but these new MO's are not created in the controller, only in our Python program.  To push these changed to the APIC cluster, we need to send a configuration request with the changes:

```python
# Create a new configuration request to the APIC and pass in the new Tenant MO (including its children MOs)
# Commit the changes to the APIC
cfgRequest = ConfigRequest()
cfgRequest.addMo(fvTenantMo)
moDir.commit(cfgRequest)

# Log Out once the request is complete
moDir.logout()
```

The configuration request contains the new tenant MO we created.  While we only passed the Tenant MO, the subtree of this MO is also passed along, so the private network referenced by the tenant will also be created.  

Finally, once the changes are complete, we can log out.
