# ACI Websockets

### What are Websockets?
Websockets are used to enable bi-directional communication between two hosts; often between a web browser (client) and a web server. There are two key distinctions between the WebSocket protocol and HTTP:

1. Websockets enable the server to send and push messages to the client
2. Websockets use a single TCP connection for all communication

Since websockets were designed to add capabilities that HTTP web communications lack, they also use tcp/80 (plain-text) and tcp/443 (encrypted). 

*  **ws://** for plain-text communication
*  **wss://** for encrypted traffic.

This lab will use the "Simple Web Socket Client" Chrome extension to open a websocket connection with the APIC, but there are many more that are available.

### Using Websockets with ACI
ACI enables websockets to allow subscriptions to events happening within the fabric. These events can be creations, deletions, or modifications to Classes or Managed Objects. When an event happens, the APIC generates a push notification to the client(s) subscribed to that Class or Managed Object.

Using ACI's websocket functionality is done by:

1.  Establishing a connection with the APIC
2.  Retrieving the **token** from the APIC's login response
3.  Opening a websocket using the token
4.  Subscribing to events

Once you are subscribed, there is a timeout period of 1 minute. As long as the client has an active subscription, event messages will be sent as they are generated. Now that you have been introduced using websockets with ACI, let's do a couple of exercises to see what they look like.