# ACI 103: Building a Simple Script

## Objective

* Understand how to capture API calls from API Inspector
* Use Postman REST client to save API calls for later use
* Use Postman REST client to make API calls to create a simple script in ACI

## Background
So far we've seen how to build certain components in an ACI, virtual or SDN network, including VRFs, Bridge Domains and subnets. In this module we'll go a bit further and create, what you could think of as, your first simple script.  We'll build an Applicaiton Profile, including End Point Groups, Contracts and the other components we've already seen.  Building Application Profiles is a task you may complete on an ongoing basis and so using POSTMAN to create and save a configuration will allow you to make changes and reuse this configuation over again as a script whenever an application needs to be provisioned or updated on the network.

## API Inspector
In the last two modules, we provided the DN's and the configuration attributes needed to create new MO's in ACI.  In this module we'll use a tool which will allow us to discover the names and attributes on our own, The API Inspector.  First we will run these tasks manually through the GUI and use the API Inspector to capture the API calls within ACI. Then we'll save the payload and use it as a template to create more application network profiles through the API.

Note: You don't have to run the API Inspector if you already have XML or JSON code to put in POSTMAN or in a python script using API calls. You can come up with this code using documentation found through Cisco or from https://github.com/datacenter/ACI.  However, the API Inspector is a useful tool for anyone who already has basic ACI knowledge using the GUI and wants to transition to using the API.
