### Mission Task
Inside the sample code repo is a `spark` directory that contains a partially complete script that will post messages to a Spark room. Copy this directory to your environment and open the `push_notifications_to_spark.py` file in a text editor.

To complete this mission, you need to replace the **##** comments in the `subscribe_to_events()` function with the actual ACI Toolkit code used to subscribe and retrieve events from the APIC.
>This program is similar to the one used in the "Websockets" lab.

##### Subscribe to Events
The first three comments should be replaced with the code used to open a websocket connection and subscribe to the Tenant, Application Profile, and EPG classes. Don't forget to only subscribe to new events.

1.  _## SUBSCRIBE TO TENANT CLASS, ONLY NEW EVENTS_
2.  _## SUBSCRIBE TO APPLICATION PROFILE CLASS, ONLY NEW EVENTS_
3.  _## SUBSCRIBE TO EPG CLASS, ONLY NEW EVENTS_

##### Check for Events
Inside the infinite loop is a three tier `if/elif` structure that should test if any of the Class Subscriptions have an event: the comment portion needs to be replaced with the ACI Toolkit code that checks if the specific class has an event.

1.  if _## CHECK IF TENANT SUBSCRIPTION HAS ANY EVENTS_
2.  elif _## CHECK IF APPLICATION PROFILE SUBSCRIPTION HAS ANY EVENTS_
3.  elif _## CHECK IF EPG SUBSCRIPTION HAS ANY EVENTS_

##### Retrieve Events
After each Class Subscription test is a variable assignment that should assign `event` to the Event that is in the Subscription Queue.

1.  event = _## GET TENANT EVENT_
2.  event = _## GET APPLICATION PROFILE EVENT_
3.  event = _## GET EPG EVENT_

The Solution is provided on the following page.