# Mission: Build a Tenant Using WebArya and Cobra

### Superheroes and Villains Inc.
Superheroes and Villains is an entertainment company facing the challenges of a rapidly changing industry. New leaders in the company have put an emphasis on applications that keep the customers engaged. In order to meet these new requirements, the app teams need to move new applications from test to development to production in a few days, rather than in months that has become the standard.

Superheroes and Villains' IT department is also struggling to keep up with the new demands. New applications are being prototyped and moved to production faster than they are able to prepare the infrastructure and configure the network policies. The application teams have begun to use the Public Cloud as a means to deploy their apps faster, but the leadership has concerns about the security and costs of this approach. In addition to the difficulties of configuring and managing a rapidly changing environment, the infrastructure teams have begun to lose track of what policies are still being used, and what should be removed.

In order to address these concerns, the CTO has decided that ACI will be deployed in their data center. She hopes that its programmability features will alleviate the burden of continuous changes in the network, and help the application teams meet their demands. She also knows that ACI will address the security concerns and help to identify application policies that are no longer in use.