## Visore

The Managed Object Browser, or Visore, is a utility built into the APIC that provides a graphical view of the managed objects (MOs) using a browser. The Visore utility uses the APIC REST API query methods to browse MOs active in the Application Centric Infrastructure fabric, allowing you to see the query that was used to obtain the information. The Visore utility cannot be used to perform configuration operations.

### Accessing Visore
Step 1: Open a supported browser and enter the URL of the APIC followed by /visore.html.

Example:
https://173.36.206.21/visore.html

Step 2: When prompted, log in using the same credentials you would use to log in to the APIC CLI or GUI user interfaces (e.g. admin/cisco123).

#### Note:
In CIMC Release 1.5(1x), only the Firefox and Chrome browsers are supported for Visore access.

### Using Visore to Query a Class
To query for a particular class, enter the class name in the Class or DN field and click Run Query. Visore sends a **configResolveClass** method to CIMC and the requested MO is displayed in a tabular format..

Use the < and > buttons to retrieve the Parent and Child class of the displayed MO. For example, clicking > sends a **configResolveChildren** method to CIMC to query for the child of the MO. Clicking < sends a **configResolveParent** method to CIMC to query for the parent of the MO.

### Using Visore to Query a Distinguished Name(DN)
To query for a particular DN, enter the DN in the Class or DN field and click Run Query. Visore sends a **configResolveDn** method to CIMC.
