## Building a Script from the Arya Output File
Now that we understand the ExampleAryaTenant.py file we created with Arya, let's turn it into a useful script. We'll use this file to create a new tenant called 'ExampleAryaTenant' (no surprise there). We'll create the same Private Network and Bridge Domain with a subnet that we have in the ExampleSdkTenant but we'll update the comments for the Tenant and Private Network.

These changes should be straight forward; first, update the tenant Managed Object to reflect the new name and comments, as follows:
```python
fvTenant = cobra.model.fv.Tenant(polUni, ownerKey=u'', name=u'ExampleAryaTenant', descr=u'My first Arya Tenant', ownerTag=u'')
```

Next update the private layer 3 network MO with an appropriate comment:
```python
fvCtx = cobra.model.fv.Ctx(fvTenant, ownerKey=u'', name=u'myVRF', descr=u'My first Arya VRF', knwMcastAct=u'permit', pcEnfDir=u'ingress', ownerTag=u'', pcEnfPref=u'enforced')
```

We also have to delete the raised error discussed in the last section.

Finally, as we have discovered, everything in ACI is an object that has a place in the management information tree (MIT).  Just as with our own Cobra project, the auto generated code has connected the tenant to the top of the MIT, the policy universe, polUni in this case. However, polUni was not defined by Arya so the top of the tree was left blank as you can see here:

```python
polUni = cobra.model.pol.Uni('')
```

We'll replace the line of code above with this:
```python
polUni = md.lookupByDn('uni')
```

Lastly, we want to add this new tenant so update the line of code near the bottom. Instead of pointing to the tree root:
```python
c.addMo(polUni)
```
Point it towards the new tenant:
```python
c.addMo(fvTenant)
```

## Run the New Script
Now we execute our new script with the following command:
```
python <path>\ExampleAryaTenant.py
```

You can confirm the script successfully built these new objects using the tools discussed in ACI 101 and 102 or by logging into the GUI.

## Creating A Simple Script, Revisited

In ACI 103, we created a simple script by saving API calls in Postman.  With that script we created 'Test_ACI_Tenant' with a VRF, BD,AP, EPG's and Contracts.  You can now export the configuration from that tenant and use Arya to turn create a full Python script with the Cobra SDK.