# Peeling back the ACI API

### Overview
The "Intro to ACI Programmability" module introduced the ACI API; this lab will expand on that content by looking at more detail on how to use the API. We will use Visore and the API Inspector to examine the API, and Postman to interact with it.

The ACI API is mapped to the Management Information Model/Tree (MIM and MIT). Remember that everything in ACI is an object. This means you can think of the MIT as the structure that forms relationships between these objects. So in order to create, delete, manage, or view these objects, you will need to have an understanding of how objects are inter-connected in the MIT.

### Classes and MOs
ACI is designed after object-oriented programming, which means that an object's **Class** will determine its functions and attributes. These objects are referred to as **Managed Objects** or **MOs** for short. The Intro "ACI Toolkit" module had you create a MO of the Tenant class named "Example_Tenant." This class has attributes such as name, description, status, etc. The Tenant class also has several child classes: VRF, Bridge Domain, Application (Profile), etc. Each of these classes will have their own attributes, and potentially their own child classes. Each instance of a class is a distinct MO, which will be referenced by its "name" attribute inside the Class. 

So far we have been using more friendly names like "Tenant" and "VRF", however their actual Class names will be a little different. Let's start with the Tenant class and build up an abbrieviated configuration using JSON to identify their real names.
```json
{
    "fvTenant": {
        "attributes": {
            "descr": "",
            "dn": "uni/tn-Heroes",
            "name": "Heroes",
            "status": ""
        },
        "children": [
            {
                "fvCtx": {}
            },
            {
                "fvBD": {}
            },
            {
                "fvAp": {}
            },
            {
                "l3extOut": {}
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

Looking at this shortened JSON configuration, we can observe the following class names used by the MIT:

*  fvTenant = Tenant
*  fvCtx = VRF (this was originally called Context)
*  fvBD = Bridge Domain
*  fvAp = Application
*  l3extOut = Layer 3 External Out (used to form routed connections with devices external to the ACI fabric)

So far there is only one MO defined, which is "Heroes" and belongs to the Tenant class.