Formatting the JSON output
----------------------------
As an excersize, you can have the almost unreadable output from the last step displayed in a much more readable form by adding one line and changing another in tutorial.py.  That would be the last line in the file and should be changed from this:

```
print 'JSON:', tenant.get_json()  
```
To this:
```
import json
print 'JSON:', json.dumps(tenant.get_json(), sort_keys=True, indent=2, separators=(',',':'))
```
We'll leave it to you to make that change and re-run (using the instructions from the previous step) to see how much better it looks.

Obviously, you'll need a text editor of some sort and virtually any editor will do.  But note that in Python, indentation is used to indicate nesting level, so *do not mix tabs with spaces in any given source file*.  

One popular editor specifically "tuned" for Python is called 'idle' and it provides syntax coloring and code debugging.  It is included in the Python 2.x.x install and can be invoked like so:
```
py -2 C:\Python27\Lib\idlelib\idle.py tutorial.py
```

Removing the tenant configuration
---------------------------------

The last few lines of the tutorial.py file are commented out.  This is because if executed they will delete the configuration that we just sent to the APIC.  In order to delete the tenant configuration, we simply mark the ``Tenant`` as deleted and push the configuration to the APIC.  This causes all of the configuration underneath the
``Tenant`` to be deleted.

```
   #tenant.mark_as_deleted()
   #resp = session.push_to_apic(tenant.get_url(), data=tenant.get_json())
```

So, if you uncomment these 2 lines and re-run the ``tutorial.py`` file, you will again push the configuration to the APIC, print it again, and then immediately delete the configuration leaving you where we started.  There will be no change in the printed output.

You may access the full acitoolkit API documention at:
  http://datacenter.github.io/acitoolkit/docsbuild/html/acitoolkit.html
