### ACI Toolkit
Many people begin using the REST API with a tool like Postman, which is an easy way to get familiar and make test API calls. ACI offers another tool, ACI Toolkit, that makes it easy to start interacting with the APIC programmitically. ACI Toolkit is set of Python libraries that are built to interact with a subset of the more commonly used objects in the MIT. It also comes with a collection of ready made python apps built to accomplish specific tasks.

The ACI Toolkit can be used to create, read, update, and delete most of the objects inside of the Tenant Class, and also works with the Fabric Access Policies (layer 2 encaps, physical ports, port-channels/vpc, etc.).

#### Credentials File
We use a `credentials.py` file in this lab to authenticate with the APIC. If you are following along with your own device, then we suggest creating this file and saving it in your working directory. The file should look like this with updated parameters for your environment:
```
URL = 'https://198.18.133.200'
LOGIN = 'admin'
PASSWORD = 'C1sco12345'
```

We have also provided this file in the sample code repo.

#### Create a Toolkit Tenant
The ACI Toolkit lab goes into more detail of how to use the ACI Toolkit; for now, we have you just create a Tenant to introduce it. Open a Python interpreter session and follow this code snippet.
>If you are not using a credentials.py file, then you will need to create the URL, LOGIN, and PASSWORD variables.

```python
>>> from credentials import *
>>> from acitoolkit import acitoolkit
>>> 
# connect to the apic
>>> session = acitoolkit.Session(URL, LOGIN, PASSWORD)
>>> session.login()
<Response [200]>
>>> 
# create a new tenant
>>> new_tenant = acitoolkit.Tenant("Toolkit_Tenant")
>>> 
# commit the new configuration
>>> session.push_to_apic(new_tenant.get_url(), new_tenant.get_json())
<Response [200]>
>>> 
```

This is a simple example, but the ACI Toolkit can be used to create scripts that build a new application with multiple EPGs, assign the EPGs to the proper Bridge Domain, have them provide and consume contracts, and connect them to physical and virtual infrastructure. It also has some ready-made applications that provide visualizations and store persistent data, such as end point locations and fabric configurations. We will dive deeper into the Toolkit's capabilities in the following labs.

While ACI Toolkit is a great way to program against a fabric, it was built to only perform the most common of operations on a fabric. There is another Python library called Cobra that is a fully functional, 1:1 mapping of the MIT. 